[Feature] Enable `kwargs` for single component models (via `extra`) (#1032)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/user-guides/card-button.md

For detailed examples on how to create a KPI card, refer to the [figure user guide on KPI cards](figure.md#key-performance-indicator-kpi-cards).

### The `extra` argument

Currently the `Card` is based on the underlying [`dbc.Card`](https://dash-bootstrap-components.opensource.faculty.ai/docs/components/card/). Using the `extra` argument you can pass additional arguments to the underlying object in order to alter it beyond the chosen defaults.

!!! warning
    Using `extra` is a quick and flexible way to alter a component beyond what Vizro offers. However, [it is not a part of the official Vizro schema](../explanation/schema.md#what-is-the-vizro-json-schema) and we do not consider it a breaking change if we alter/remove it. This is unlikely to happen any time soon.

> An example use would be to change the background color of the card. For this, you can use `extra={"color": "info"}`.

Reviewer: Are we adding a `theme` option for `vm.Card` too @huong-li-nguyen? 

This example looks pretty weird, I wonder if there's something else we could do to make it a bit more like something a user might actually want to do? Even if it's just adding a `className` then that's ok for me.

Author: Ok will do, that is a good suggestion, thanks!

For detailed examples on how to create a KPI card, refer to the [figure user guide on KPI cards](figure.md#key-performance-indicator-kpi-cards).

### The `extra` argument

> Currently the `Card` is based on the underlying [`dbc.Card`](https://dash-bootstrap-components.opensource.faculty.ai/docs/components/card/). Using the `extra` argument you can pass additional arguments to the underlying object in order to alter it beyond the chosen defaults.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently `Card` is based on the underlying Dash component [`dbc.Card`](https://dash-bootstrap-components.opensource.faculty.ai/docs/components/card/). Using the `extra` argument you can pass additional arguments to `dbc.Card` to alter it beyond the chosen defaults.
```

Reviewer: Plus mirrored changes elsewhere for the same text.

!!! warning
    Using `extra` is a quick and flexible way to alter a component beyond what Vizro offers. However, [it is not a part of the official Vizro schema](../explanation/schema.md#what-is-the-vizro-json-schema) and we do not consider it a breaking change if we alter/remove it. This is unlikely to happen any time soon.

> An example use would be to limit the `Card` height to only take as much space as the content, and not to take up all the available height (default). For this, you can use `extra={"style": {"height": "unset"}}`.

Reviewer: Let's link this to the new section on the CSS page where we explain `style`.

...
```

### The `extra` argument

Currently the `Button` is based on the underlying [`dbc.Button`](https://dash-bootstrap-components.opensource.faculty.ai/docs/components/button/). Using the `extra` argument you can pass additional arguments to the underlying object in order to alter it beyond the chosen defaults.

!!! warning
    Using `extra` is a quick and flexible way to alter a component beyond what Vizro offers. However, [it is not a part of the official Vizro schema](../explanation/schema.md#what-is-the-vizro-json-schema) and we do not consider it a breaking change if we alter/remove it. This is unlikely to happen any time soon.

> An example use would be to create an outlined success button. For this, you can use `extra={"color": "success", "outline": True}`.

Reviewer: Let's link this to the new section on the CSS page where we explain `style`.
